We’re excited to announce that in furtherance of our mission to provide the best possible customer and employee experience and to better leverage our significant combined service & technical resources, ImageTek, has joined forces with Denitech, ASI, OneSource and Dahill to become Xerox Business Solutions Southwest.  This is not an ownership change; all five companies have been part of the Xerox family operating independently as sister companies since as far back as 2007.   Aligning with our customers digital transformation and evolving technology goals, joining forces elevates our ability to deliver the technology, services and support they have today faster and more seamlessly.  In addition, you will have access to a vast portfolio of business-changing innovations and Workflow Automations that can add profitable efficiencies to your business.  All of our companies have a long and distinguished history, so instead of keeping one of our current names we choose to emphasize our heritage as part of an iconic technology powerhouse, while communicating our pride in remaining a local organization committed to the communities we serve.   Many of the benefits of this transition will be seamless improvements, in the future, a suite of additional amenities & enhancements will also become available.  Behind the scenes the excellent service staff and support technicians you work with today, together with the over eight hundred (800) team members of our new organization, will be sharing best practices, creating synergies, simplifying the way we work and improving our overall customer experience.   This transition is much more than a name change – it’s a game changer.  With the resources, services and technologies Xerox Business Solutions Southwest can offer you’ve been upgraded and there is nothing new to purchase, no contractual implications or forced renewals.  In the coming months, the ImageTek name and logo will fully transition to Xerox Business Solutions Southwest.  This will be reflected on invoices, business cards, signage, delivery vehicles and more.  We appreciate our partnership, please reach out to us with any questions or to schedule an account review, call or meeting at XBSsupport@xerox.com or 210-805-9750.  

XBSsupport@xerox.com  |  210-805-9750


If you have any additional questions:Email us at XBSsupport@xerox.com, call us at 210-805-9750, or consult with your local account executive.


footer:
Copyright © 2019 Xerox Business Solutions Southwest. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions


not just a name change.
a game changer.
Same great people.Same great products.New business-changing solutions.